[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
Alyson Charles
Storey is with us.
A shaman, bestselling
author of the "Animal Power"
book and deck, and she leads
global talks, courses, events,
and hosts the internationally
acclaimed "Ceremony Circle"
podcast, which will tell
you how you can hear it.
Alyson, welcome to the program.
>>ALYSON CHARLES STOREY:
Thank you so much, George.
It's an honor to sit and
share space with you.
>>NOORY: How did all
this happen to you?
>>CHARLES: That is the
trillion dollar question.
>>NOORY: Do we have enough
time to explain all?
>>CHARLES: We would need to
have a whole series to cover it,
but I will do my best to
whittle it down because yes.
>>NOORY: Give us
the Cliff Notes.
>>CHARLES: The
Cliff Note version
is, I had a background
that was not
who I am in this moment
sitting with you today.
My background was
intense, elite athletics.
My father was my coach.
He put me in my first
running road race
before I was even
three years old.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>CHARLES: Yes,
and then that set
the course for my first
really entrenched identity.
Being known as the best, and
this athlete, and this runner
girl, and I was an athlete
for the University of Alabama.
I actually was a Division I
College coach for some time.
And it was when my
physical body started
to break down that I started to
have some glimmers of the truer
me inside of me.
But then I got pulled
into radio, actually.
I was a hip-hop morning
show host for many years.
And then that took me to New
York City, where I left--
>>NOORY: You're
that Alyson Charles.
>>CHARLES: I'm that
girl, yes, yeah.
And then I transitioned
into the world of television
and I had so much fun.
I was a daytime
television talk show host.
>>NOORY: What
markets were you in?
>>CHARLES: Oh, well,
it was a national show.
I was called "The Juice," and
it was a wellness talk show,
and we had celebs, and chefs,
and all sorts of people on.
>>NOORY: And then
this evolution?
>>CHARLES: The
evolution happened.
My story is one of those snap
of the finger and your life
changes moments.
>>NOORY: And it did.
>>CHARLES: It did.
I was living in Brooklyn.
I had pivoted out of a very
suffering-filled, long-term
romantic relationship.
I just couldn't seem
to pluck myself out
of some cycles of
insanity that were
running for more than 16 years.
>>NOORY: That happens.
>>CHARLES: It has.
Has it ever happened to you?
I wondered if you
could relate to that.
I wasn't sure.
>>NOORY: Not quite like you.
>>CHARLES: OK, well.
I got out of the relationship,
called off the engagement.
I moved to Brooklyn,
New York on my own.
And then as the
story sometimes goes,
about six months later we
were thinking of venturing out
as a couple yet again.
But my spiritual
guides said otherwise.
>>NOORY: Don't do
it, don't do it.
>>CHARLES: They
blew the whistle,
and on this
particular day I went
to tell him we could head out
the door in a few minutes,
but he was asleep.
And as I walked back
through my bedroom,
I had my clairaudient
gift turned on,
and I heard spirit speak to me
and say, stop and turn around.
And I'll whittle the story down.
That voice guided me to seeing
the truth of that relationship.
It blasted my egoic shell,
lifted the veil of illusion
and showed me who I really am.
>>NOORY: Has that
voice stayed with you?
>>CHARLES: Louder, and clearer,
and more and more present.
I could actually get
really emotional thinking
about the support that
is ever present for me.
I'm very grateful.
>>NOORY: Alyson, you
have a phrase called,
winning but lost.
What does that mean?
>>CHARLES: I was so grateful
when that message downloaded in
because I thought oh this
perfectly encapsulates
my pre-awakening life.
You know, like I said, all
of these accolades, all
of these awards, and in
that past relationship
on the outside a lot
of people thought
it was an amazing relationship.
But there was abuse and all
sorts of things going on
behind the scenes.
And so winning
but lost means you
have all of this
external validation
and all of this external
success, but on the inside
you're lost.
You're not connected
to your soul
and you're not connected
to your inner guidance.
>>NOORY: This voice
that came to you.
Did you summon it up?
What happened?
>>CHARLES: I think on a deep
soul level I did summon it.
I think I was calling out in
an unconscious way for support
to get out of those
cycles of insanity.
But no, I really liken it to
a true divine intervention
where the angelic realms and
different spiritual guides
all came in.
I felt their presence
in the moment,
but I understood it more
clearly in hindsight
that it required my
guides to step in
and to really change
the course of my life.
>>NOORY: And they stepped in
in a big way, didn't they?
>>CHARLES: Huge way.
I flew to Indiana
where I'm from after I
had this divine
intervention and I stayed
at my grandmother's house.
And in that back bedroom over
the course of a month or so
I had additional awakenings.
And they were reviewing, taking
me through a review of my life,
but showing me instances
without the denial
that I had so staunchly been in.
They were showing
me those instances
in truth and
illumination, and that
was the moment where I
decided I need to surrender.
I need to get out of my own way.
And I'm ready to receive
guidance and heed guidance,
and I spoke a surrender
statement and that's
what I did.
>>NOORY: How did
they approach you?
In a dream state
or were you awake?
>>CHARLES: No.
It was through
the clairaudience.
And then when I was in Indiana
staying with my grandmother,
that's when my clairvoyant and
my visual connection came in.
Now, you know, I think my seer
gift is probably my strongest.
I'm able to see so much
about life, about people,
and it's like I said,
it's my greatest gift,
but it's one that has come
with a lot of challenge
and a lot of responsibility
to see so much in people.
>>NOORY: Alyson, what made
you so open to accepting this?
>>CHARLES: What made
me so open was the fact
that I knew I could
no longer live
the way that I had been living.
It caused so much pain.
My body was trying
to get my attention.
I had autoimmune
disorders, panic disorders.
>>NOORY: Everything was
going wrong with you.
You were shutting down.
>>CHARLES: Everything was
clamoring to get my attention,
but I was in a codependent
system in that relationship.
And so I would try to
take psychic courses,
but my ex wasn't a fan of that.
So I would shut that down.
And so it really took a lot
of help to get me on the path
that I'm on today.
>>NOORY: Sounds like it
was very toxic for you.
>>CHARLES: It was,
and that is what
has kept me so steadfast
in living in true devotion
to the divine.
I know what denial
feels like, and I
know what illusion
knew I could never go back.
And so my prayer when I spoke
that surrender statement is
show me the way and I
have heeded the calls
and I have committed
to living in devotion
to truth and to the divine.
>>NOORY: So you've
become a shaman.
>>CHARLES: I have.
And you know, you've done
thousands and thousands
of interviews with so
many spiritual teachers
and I'm sure many shamans,
and I was born a shaman.
It's just at a
young age I felt I
needed to kind of shut
down and suppress my gifts.
So it took that
divine intervention
to wake me back up.
But the point I
always like to clarify
is after my surrender
moment I didn't set out
on a quest to become a shaman.
I set out on a quest
to heal myself,
and it was through that
devotion and listening to,
you need to go to
this healer, you
need to have a soul retrieval
session with your aunt
who's a shaman.
In staying the course
on that journey, that
is what allowed the true
calling inside of me of being
a shaman that was
always there, it
allowed it to start to open
up and inform and communicate
with me again.
>>NOORY: And when you
say you surrendered,
who did you surrender to?
>>CHARLES: Beautiful
question, and thank
you so much for asking that.
I surrendered to Great
Spirit, Great Mother Earth,
and my own soul.
And that vertical
line is the line
that I hold in the most
pristine and pure way
that I possibly can to this day.
And that's actually
where the name Rock-Star
Shaman comes from.
Those main connection points.
>>NOORY: How do you help
other people at this point?
>>CHARLES: The main way
is through my embodiment
and it's through me
knowing that integrity
is the most important thing.
It's through my dedication to
facing all aspects of myself
and really being a spiritual
teacher and leader who does my
very best to walk the talk.
>>NOORY: Alyson, people are
going through a very strange
time right now.
I can feel it.
I can see it.
They're uptight, they're not
as happy as they used to be.
And I'm not talking about
everybody, but generally,
do you feel that too?
>>CHARLES: Absolutely.
The old ways of living,
the old paradigm systems,
they can last no more.
They will not work anymore.
And it's this
energetic system that
might feel scary or
challenging, but it's really
just trying to usher
people into these ways
that we're talking about.
Ways of surrendering
to these unseen
realms and the spiritual
support that's always there.
These ways of going inward
and connecting with our soul.
For some reason
over the last 100
or thousands of years
especially over here in the US,
the vast majority
of people are so
disconnected from the
truth of who they am.
They're so disconnected
from spirit.
And if you're disconnected
from those places,
you're missing out on the vast
majority of all the support
and all the love that is
here for us at all times.
>>NOORY: Do they even
know who they are?
>>CHARLES: No.
And that's where the
suffering and that's
where the pain comes from.
And I have been on the
shamanic path long enough
to know that the way that I
walk it, there's validity to it,
and there's power to it.
Because I can honestly
say I am with the system
of true fulfillment, true
peace, and true happiness.
And it's because I face
myself and go within.
When I had all those awards,
I was not truly happy.
And so thankfully we have
shows like this that show
people rituals, and
practices, and ways
where they can go
within and start
to get to know the
totality of themselves,
because that's the key.
>>NOORY: And let's say there
are some people watching
this program right now and
they want to change themselves.
They want to pick
themselves up, like you did.
How do they start?
>>CHARLES: You know,
I really recommend
a surrender statement.
And I have found that it's the
simplest of spiritual practices
that really can guide
people most powerfully.
And it doesn't have to be
a long surrender statement.
Even if you're not someone
who is a daily meditator.
Even if you're someone
that doesn't already
have an altar
space in your home.
It's just simply taking
an honoring 30 seconds
to close your eyes,
to maybe put your hand
on your heart and your lower
belly, to take a breath
and to speak to whoever
it is you speak to.
Whether it's the universe,
Gaia, you know, the angelic
realms, and finally
speak your willingness
to get out of your own way.
And the key is though, to heed
the messages that come in,
because I see a lot of
people surrender and speak
a statement, but then
the guidance will come in
and they'll block it out.
>>NOORY: They don't
follow through.
>>CHARLES: You have to take
responsibility in that way.
>>NOORY: I have an altar of
my producer Tom in my house.
I have a picture with Tom.
No, I'm kidding.
>>CHARLES: He's your main guide?
>>NOORY: I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
But what did you mean by
an altar in your house?
>>CHARLES: You
know, at this point,
I feel so blessed to
have a very ornate altar.
In the home that I
share with my husband,
Luke, in Austin, Texas.
We have a ceremony loft
where the entire second floor
of our home is--
>>NOORY: Is devoted to that?
>>CHARLES: It is.
It's a living breathing
altar and there's
incredibly powerful healings
that have taken place there--
>>NOORY: So, like a church?
>>CHARLES: I feel that it is.
Yeah, a lot of
people say when they
come in it feels of the
frequency of, like, temples
and monasteries that
they've been in.
But I want to make clear,
it doesn't have to be that.
It can literally be--
>>NOORY: It doesn't have
to be that elaborate?
>>CHARLES: No.
It can be a dedicated space.
That's what it is.
It's a place of dedication where
you will go at least once a day
to connect to the truth of who
you are and the unseen realms.
And it can literally be
a rock that you found
on a walk and maybe a feather.
It can be simple.
It's just a dedicated space.
>>NOORY: What are
the unseen realms?
>>CHARLES: The
infinite expanse that
holds the wisdoms and
guidances of all that is.
It's everything that
we don't tangibly,
physically see right here,
but through my seer gift,
being my main gift, I'm able
to instantaneously connect
into these unseen realms.
And when you learn how to do
so with honor, with reverence,
with responsibility, the
keys, and codes, and healing
transmissions, and messages
that can help guide your life,
it's beyond what we can
articulate in human language,
the support that lives there.
>>NOORY: Is there a danger?
Is there something
that you should
be aware of before
you dive into it?
>>CHARLES: Yeah.
There are a lot of things that
I think it's wise for people
to take into account because it
holds infinite transmissions,
and energetics, and
infinite types of beings,
just like there's
duality here, there's
darker or lighter energetics
on the other side.
So I always do a very
simple prayer of protection.
I always call in the
highest and most pristine
divine blessings and
protection to be with me,
so I know I'm always held in
that space before I connect in.
But the other important thing
is once your gifts start
to come online and once you
start to live in that devotion,
to infinitely evolve and
allow your gifts to open
more and more, that comes
with great responsibility
in that respect as well.
Just because you can see so much
about someone, that does not
equate to you should
instantly tell
that person what you're seeing.
I usually wait.
I'm never invasive
with my gifts.
I usually wait for
an invitation in.
There's a lot to keep an eye on.
>>NOORY: Take me on
a shamanic journey.
>>CHARLES: Well, I
have one rattle here
that I just wanted to clear
the space of the chair.
>>NOORY: All right,
you're going to have
to show us how you use it.
>>CHARLES: Yeah, well,
I typically use drums,
but I also use rattles,
and I also can guide people
without an instrument as well.
I think a lot of it has to do
with the embodiment energetics
that I carry and this really
clean, clear, pristine line
to these most divine places.
And I have journeyed
thousands of people.
I have in the middle of
Manhattan and Bryant Park,
I've taken more than 10,000
people on a shamanic journey.
I've done live--
>>NOORY: That's huge.
>>CHARLES: Yeah, yes.
I've really been able to
take consciousness teachings
and shamanic teachings into
places where it's been lacking
and where it's needed
most, and help people
in these more
mainstream communities
remember who they
really are and remember
these ways that our
humanity sacred practices.
>>NOORY: What would be
some of the benefits,
Alyson, of pulling
out this information?
>>CHARLES: There's countless.
A recent healing
session that I did,
we worked for about three hours
cutting any energetic cords
to past--
>>NOORY: That's intense.
>>CHARLES: It is, but
it was so beautiful.
Just releasing and
clearing the way
of any past relationships
that oftentimes
we aren't even aware.
You break up with someone
and you think that it's over,
but energetically
there can still
be these, like, energetic
connection lines and cords that
are really tethering you back.
>>NOORY: Or a death of a friend.
>>CHARLES: Yes, yes.
All of that, and so we
spent about three hours
clearing that.
Shadow work is another huge one.
I facilitated, or
co-facilitated,
a beautiful women's only
gathering with about 100 women,
and with my drum I took
them into a shamanic cave
and allowed them to feel
and face some shadow
aspects that they've
been previously
suppressing and denying.
And I mean, there's not
much greater liberating work
that one can do.
>>NOORY: I had a friend,
he lives in Saint Louis,
and he's restricted
to a wheelchair.
He was born with almost no legs.
He was deformed, but he
got around and everything,
I bought him a car when a couple
of years ago, a little junky
thing for him to get around.
>>CHARLES: That's so beautiful.
>>NOORY: And he had
it modified, so he
had like pedals for the
gas and stuff like that.
And I hadn't heard from him in
a year, which is not unusual.
But I went on Facebook
and found out he died.
>>CHARLES: Oh, bless.
>>NOORY: Found out he died.
Now those are tough times
for people, aren't they?
>>CHARLES: Yeah, those
are, you know, yes.
Especially when it's an
experience like that.
You know, I haven't really
shared this story much,
but in your
vulnerability and sharing
that, it's I feel
called to share.
My husband and I, we have
such a beautiful relationship,
and we've been on the
pregnancy journey.
And up until about a
year ago I had never
been pregnant and didn't know
what that experience was like,
but we were really
calling that in.
And we did get pregnant, and
about nine weeks later, I
had a miscarriage.
>>NOORY: Sorry to hear that.
>>CHARLES: It's OK,
you know, thank you.
But it ended up being--
oh, yeah, I feel the waves of
the power of that experience
because of who I am at
this time in my life
and because I'm in such healthy
relation with the totality
of myself and with the
totality of all that is
and the full spectrum of
human earthly emotions,
I was able to navigate
that experience
and be more connected to
miracle energy than ever before.
Hear the messages of the
spirit of that baby telling me
why it happened, and it brought
my husband and I together.
We were able to give back
to our land, the dissolving
of that miscarriage,
and it ended up
being one of the most beautiful
experiences of my life.
And that is what the shamanic
path has afforded me.
That is what it has taught me.
>>NOORY: Well, you have
done this shamanic path
all over the country.
>>CHARLES: All over the world.
>>NOORY: You
brought it all over.
Let's take a look.
>>CHARLES: Yeah.
That flows through me
and wants to access you.
I'm just here to deliver
that to you all tonight.
I'm ready.
And through the chakras in
the palms of your hands,
you're going to start
to invite in whatever
divine energies that want to
access you for your highest
greatest earthly good.
It was fascinating for
me because I started
getting a lot of the visions
and channeled guidance
for what to offer
on stage yesterday.
And as it was pouring in,
there was a channeled song
that you'll hear in a
second, but it was--
[CHANTING]
>>AUDIENCE: We don't get to
see people like this often.
And when I do, I'm a
happy go-lucky person.
So and she's beautiful too.
>>CHARLES: Thank you.
Well.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank
you for your energy.
Come back and just bring
that energy with you
so I could just like absorb
it, and I don't get it often.
Especially in this
beautiful city of New York.
>>CHARLES: This was such a
mystical, powerful, magical
action-packed day.
I'm electrified from it.
I can tell I'm going to be
feeling all these energies
for days to come.
To be able to bring
these kinds of medicines
and this kinds of consciousness
work into an event like this,
it means everything to
me and it opens my heart.
So thank you for coming along,
for the journey, for the ride.
Wow.
I will see you next time.
>>NOORY: You are having
a good time there too.
>>CHARLES: Thank you
for feeling the joy.
I mean, this path has been
the wildest ride of my life.
And I have had to access
levels of courage and bravery
within me that are
so far beyond what
I could ever try to explain.
But it has also brought me the
deepest joy and fulfillment.
And the thing that I was
reflecting and watching
that clip, because those--
>>NOORY: When was that?
>>CHARLES: Those events
were some years ago
when I was living
in New York City.
I'm not real good with time,
but let's say at least five,
six, seven--
>>NOORY: Are you still doing
similar things like that?
>>CHARLES: Yeah, I was recently
keynote speaker at a big plant
medicine and other type of
conference called Meet Delic,
and gave a talk about higher
power couple with my husband
at another big conference,
but what I'm seeing
is lately I've been called
more into community work.
And down in Austin there's
a huge spiritual community,
so I've done a lot
of blessing ways
for mothers and really
holding space for friends
and the community to transform.
>>NOORY: That's amazing
work that you do.
>>CHARLES: Thank you so much.
Yeah, I appreciate it.
And I truly live in a space
that's not of the mind,
but it's of divine.
And it requires me to get
out of the way and to trust.
To get on a stage
like that and to--
>>NOORY: That takes guts.
>>CHARLES: It really
does, and to be honest,
I'll tell you a quick funny
story with that HBO Film
Festival, guiding that
journey for 10,000 people.
It wasn't until I got off stage
that the man who hired me said,
do you know in the 25 year
history of this film festival,
you're the first person
to ever come on the stage
before we air the movie.
We've never hired anyone to
do that before in the history,
and I'm really glad I
didn't know that before.
You know, it's in hindsight
where I think, oh my gosh,
where did I get that courage?
The courage is because
I heed what divine
tells me and I trust in that.
I trust, even though I'm
not a skilled singer,
I'm a medicine singer.
>>NOORY: You did well.
>>CHARLES: Well, thanks.
>>CHARLES: I just trust that
what I'm told I need to do,
I do and I know if I'm
right with god, goddess,
then I'm good.
>>NOORY: The way
that you handled
the crowd inspired them.
You could tell that
they were getting
into what you were doing.
What was the end result
when it was done?
>>CHARLES: Oh, I just I really
feel even what I just did right
there, that soul relief.
It takes me back
to that question
you asked earlier about this
massive shift in consciousness
and this shadow
revelation that's
been happening, especially
over the last few years.
People, even if it's
on a deep soul level
or even if it's more on
an unconscious level,
they know that there's something
different meant for them.
They know that there's something
that they need to lean into.
And I'm sure you're
seeing it more and more.
People that might have you
know scoffed, or joked,
or laughed at having
your palm read,
or doing a numerology report,
or going on a shamanic journey
even two or three years ago,
now they're leaning into that
and asking their friends
for different trusted guides
to go to.
So there's a definite
major paradigm shift
where we're being witnessed to.
>>NOORY: Alyson, we talk
a lot on this program
about spirit guides.
What in your opinion
is a spirit guide?
>>CHARLES: Well, any guide
in the unseen realms.
I only call in and allow
in benevolent spirit guides
to work with me.
But right after I had my divine
intervention, Ascended Master
Jesus, was who presented to
me and he has been my main--
>>NOORY: You go straight
to the top, huh?
>>CHARLES: You know,
thank you, Jesus.
No joke really intended, but I--
yeah, I could not be happier
than to have Ascended Master
Jesus as my main guide.
And then the next four
guides who came in
happened to be
power animal guides.
>>NOORY: Now, what's
a power animal guide?
>>CHARLES: They are the animal
guides in the spirit realms.
Every single animal,
every single creature
has healing and wisdom
attributes for us.
And when they start
to present, they're
presenting for a reason.
They have a message for you.
They have an alchemical
code for you.
They have something for
you that can positively
transform your life.
And the black jaguar, the bear.
>>NOORY: Let's go to
some of these pictures
that you brought with us.
>>CHARLES: Yeah, these are
probably pictures, yes,
from my book.
So the black
jaguar, for me, this
is my core power animal guide.
So along our life journey
we all have a core animal
who is with us from birth
until we transition back
to the other realms.
And then we also have different
supporter power animal guides
that come in depending upon
where we're at in life.
>>NOORY: Like the bear?
>>CHARLES: Like the bear.
>>NOORY: Let's take
a look at the bear.
>>CHARLES: Yeah, the bear
was a huge one for me.
The bear taught me how
to truly surrender and be
held by the spiritual realms.
It would guide me
to sit in its lap
and learn how to lean back
and be held by its support.
So I'm forever indebted by to
bear, and the deer and the frog
were the other two.
>>NOORY: Oh, frogs are some
of my favorite creatures.
>>CHARLES: Really?
Why is that?
>>NOORY: I don't know.
Since I was a little boy,
I used to raise tadpoles.
>>CHARLES: Wow.
>>NOORY: And watch
their little legs
sprout, turn them
into little frogs,
and then drop them
off at a nearby creek.
>>CHARLES: Oh, my gosh.
>>NOORY: It was just a kick.
>>CHARLES: That's so beautiful.
>>NOORY: I love frogs.
>>CHARLES: Well, the
frog really taught me,
especially as I was
trying to get out
of those old cycles
of the relationship,
it carried for me the
code and the messaging
of leaps of faith.
And as you probably know,
frogs only ever leap forward.
And that was the
precise message that I
needed to get into
embodiment with no more going
back, no more looking back,
only leaping and moving forward.
>>NOORY: I never saw
a frog leap backwards.
>>CHARLES: Never, never.
>>NOORY: Ever.
What about the deer?
>>CHARLES: The deer is
the path of the heart.
And I-- oh my gosh,
another wave of emotion
comes over me when I think
about the medicine of the deer,
because that has been a
steadfast guide for more
than a decade and
the deer actually
played a huge role in me getting
together with my now husband.
So the deer showed me to
not shut my heart down
despite the betrayal and
the huge heartbreak that
caused my awakening.
It told me to stay steadfast
in keeping my heart open
and now I'm in an most
incredible relationship.
All thanks to that.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
And your book of course
is called "Animal Power."
>>CHARLES: "Animal Power."
>>NOORY: Which you
did, and that's
where the illustrations
are, no doubt.
>>CHARLES: Yes, that's where all
of those animal illustrations
came from.
I worked on that book
for so many years.
That was probably one of
the greatest initiations
of my life.
And the funny story with this
is I, for about three or four
years, was called into different
literary agent and publisher
meetings when I was
living in New York.
They wanted to work with me
and wanted me to write a book.
>>NOORY: That's the place.
>>CHARLES: I couldn't get clear
on what the book should be.
That took three
years to get clear.
I finally got the right
agents, had a meeting.
I said, OK, I'll write
a book on surrender.
I flew off to Bali
to write the book.
First morning meditation in
Bali, hundreds and hundreds
of power animal guides came in.
>>NOORY: Coming
at you like crazy.
>>CHARLES: And they said,
that is not the book.
You're to co-create
this book with me.
Thankfully my team
was on board, and I
worked with the
animals for many years
to birth that into fruition.
>>NOORY: How did
the animals have
this kind of clout and power?
>>CHARLES: How?
Well, because they hold so many
incredible wisdom attributes.
One that also evokes
emotion for me is the leech.
>>NOORY: The leech?
>>CHARLES: The leech, and I love
to tell this story because it's
one of my greatest teachers.
It taught me how to
shift from fear to love.
And I don't know
if we have time,
but I did send over
some really cool video
footage of me getting leech
therapy done on my knee.
>>NOORY: I have it.
Here we go.
>>CHARLES: Oh, OK.
Oh my gosh.
OK, OK.
And how long do people
keep them on for?
>>AUDIENCE: Well, anywhere
from half an hour to an hour
or as they dropped
out themselves.
Just breathe.
Can you feel it?
>>CHARLES: I feel it.
I'm trying to become
friends with it.
I'm trying to give
him good energy.
>>AUDIENCE: Do you feel it now?
>>CHARLES: I do.
I felt him.
I felt him attach.
>>AUDIENCE: That's
the whole pain.
>>CHARLES: I think it's
just knowing that they're
going to plump up and
get fatter and fatter
and filled up with my blood.
>>AUDIENCE: And
not with the blood.
With your lymphatic liquid.
The blood by percentage
is about 10, 15%.
This is a very deep
detoxification of liver.
So any problems,
health problems that
are associated with the toxic
liver will start to clear.
One of them could
be skin problems.
One of them could be
asthma and lung problems.
Or just general, there's
many people coming just
to cleanse their body.
>>CHARLES: Oh, Mr.
Plucinski, one of them's
really digging in their teeth.
I feel more stinging now
in one of these up here.
>>AUDIENCE: Just a little,
but that's about it.
>>CHARLES: What's the number
one reason people come in
for leech therapy?
What health benefit?
>>AUDIENCE: Migraines,
headaches, varicose veins,
high cholesterol, cysts,
like female cysts.
>>CHARLES: And with
high cholesterol
because I know it's a really
common problem, especially
for Americans, like where do
you put the leeches for that?
>>AUDIENCE: That's where--
>>CHARLES: Here too?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes,
because cholesterol
is created by our own body,
and among our own body,
liver is the main
component of that process.
This is a chemical
factory, if you will,
in a tiny little body.
If you cut them open, you have
hundreds of different pipes
and different rooms and
storage and this and that.
It's a very complicated animal
that produces a miracle drug.
Leeches are over 20
million years on earth,
and they never fail, and
they always do the work.
>>NOORY: I'm not sure
I'd go through that.
>>CHARLES: I know very
deeply that you could
muster the courage to do it.
>>NOORY: I could
muster the courage,
but I'm not sure
I would do that.
>>CHARLES: Yeah, you know,
they were a massive teacher
of alchemization,
because you could
see my face in that video.
>>NOORY: Why were you
breathing the way you were?
>>CHARLES: Trying
to calm myself,
trying to open
myself up to receive,
and also trying to make that
pivot from fear to love.
>>NOORY: Were you
kind of freaking out?
>>CHARLES: I was absolutely.
I had never seen a
leech in real life,
and then when I went
to this medical clinic
with that renowned Austrian
leech therapist, you know,
he pulls out a jar with
literally hundreds of leeches.
>>NOORY: How did
he get them out?
Did he reach in there?
>>CHARLES: He reaches in.
>>NOORY: Is he wearing gloves?
>>CHARLES: I don't think so.
I don't think so.
But it still it
felt right for me.
And the beautiful
thing that I learned
is the leeches have hundreds
of teeth and you feel it.
>>NOORY: Little tiny ones?
>>CHARLES: Yes, tiny
teeth, and you feel it
when they latch and attach.
Even though they so generously
secrete a painkiller,
I still very much felt it.
>>NOORY: The leeches
secrete a painkiller?
>>CHARLES: They have
their own painkiller.
>>NOORY: Nice of them.
>>CHARLES: I know,
it's very kind.
They're very
beautiful creatures.
And then once they
are attached, they
start to extract
the lymph that needs
to go and start to detoxify.
And then they put
that in one chamber
and then in a
different place they
start to provide to you
these healing enzymes.
I forget how many, it's more
than 100 healing enzymes.
>>NOORY: How long did
he keep those on you?
>>CHARLES: It was a
good amount of time.
I want to say it was
close to an hour,
and towards the end of
the-- well, that was more
the middle of the
video, you saw how
they started to inflate
almost like a balloon.
And what happens is they will
get so full that they will just
start to roll off because
they can't receive anymore.
And I get emotional a lot when
I look back at that video.
I haven't seen that
in a while or when
I talk about the leeches
because I carried forever
more from that experience
knowing the possibility of how
in real time to shift from
fear to love and leeches
taught me that.
And I love to have different
creatures like that in my book,
whether it's the
snake, or the spider,
or the leech because it
helps people transcend
limiting beliefs and
expand outside of the box.
Because some people might think,
oh, the cougar or the shark
might have a teaching for
me, but the spider might not.
But every single power animal
has beautiful healing wisdom
attributes.
>>NOORY: After the
fact when it was done,
did you kind of freak out
thinking that you still
had leeches on you?
>>CHARLES: No, no.
But there was a bit
of a longer healing
process than anticipated.
The puncture, the wound
is actually quite deep.
So I had to keep it covered
for quite a few days.
Yeah, it was a very
transformational.
>>NOORY: Don't you scar up?
>>CHARLES: I actually still do
have four tiny scars above my--
>>NOORY: Right here?
>>CHARLES: Above my liver,
and I went back for more.
I went back a second time
and had leech therapy
done on my right knee.
So it clearly was a
positive experience.
>>NOORY: Those little guys
go right at it, don't they?
>>CHARLES: Yeah, they're so
generous, and so powerful,
and beautiful.
>>NOORY: How long do they live?
>>CHARLES: When you
get leech therapy done
at a medical center, they're
actually sacrificial.
And when they are done
doing the leech therapy,
that's the end of
their life cycle.
>>NOORY: That is it.
>>CHARLES: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Does an
animal eat them?
>>CHARLES: I'm not sure.
>>NOORY: Or a bird or something?
>>CHARLES: That would
be a beautiful ending.
I hope that that's
how it happens.
>>NOORY: Oh my gosh.
Why don't you give me a
little power animal reading?
>>CHARLES: OK, well, thank
you for the invitation.
I clearly have it
since you just asked.
I'm just going to
take a moment to tune
in, get connected with the
ever present and generous love
of Great Mother Earth.
Get connected to the most
powerful place within me, which
is my heart, and taking
my connection line up
to the center point of
source consciousness divine.
And George, would you like for
me to call in the power animal
that most has a message
for you right now or do you
have a specific question?
>>NOORY: Why don't
you call in an animal?
>>CHARLES: Hmm.
It's always so beautiful
when I do these,
and you know what
I just remembered?
I was woken up at 3:00
o'clock in the morning
because there were
animals already trying
to make their way to you.
I totally forgot that
until this moment.
I have been waking up
in that witching hour
every night for
the past few weeks,
and last night it happened
because the animals
were so present for you.
And then when I
tune in like that,
there's usually some
peripheral animals that show up
and you had a whole plethora
of them that came in.
But then I wait.
There's a different feeling
when the main messenger
animal shows up, and for you,
it was actually the flamingo.
>>NOORY: The flamingo?
Really?
>>CHARLES: It was the flamingo.
And I will tell you,
the first message,
and then if we have
time, I'll dip back in
to get the deeper
messaging around it.
But the flamingo was an honoring
animal messenger for you.
It was showing that
it was thanking you
for bringing in a community
of millions of people.
Gosh, it's been a
long time since I've
done an interview where I've
almost cried this often.
So that says a lot about
you and the space you hold.
But the flamingo is thanking
you for your longevity
and your career of
being a way shower
and starting the spiritual
content so long ago
and holding such a safe and
powerful space for millions
of people.
Flamingos, especially at
one location in Africa,
they will call in millions
of fellow flamingos
and they gather.
>>NOORY: They're
all over the place.
>>CHARLES: It's a very
powerful family power animal,
and it was also honoring you.
It showed stability, it was
standing on one of its legs,
and that would be the message
that I would want to dip back
in, unless there's
something coming to you,
it was honoring your
stability in life.
Do you think of yourself
or feel yourself
as having stable energies?
Do people, friends and
family, know that about you?
Do they go to you for--
>>NOORY: Its growing, I think.
>>CHARLES: It's growing.
>>NOORY: Because I go to
certain events and stuff,
and it seems like my
notoriety is picking up higher
and higher and higher.
I've seen it over the years,
but the last year or two, I've
never seen it this high.
>>CHARLES: Oh, that's beautiful.
>>NOORY: I was going
through TSA to come down
to Boulder here for
our Gaia tapings,
and a guy pulled me out of line.
And I'm going, oh no,
there's nothing on me.
I mean, what's going on?
He goes, I love what you do.
>>CHARLES: Oh.
>>NOORY: Introduced him, took
a picture, and off I went.
>>CHARLES: Yeah.
>>NOORY: It's amazing.
That's happening a lot.
>>CHARLES: Yeah, and
especially with the content
that you're willing to cover.
So much of the media is opposite
of what we're sitting here
talking about today.
And this is the most
important thing for us
to be reconnecting people
back to are these teachings.
And without people
like you, people
wouldn't have that
strong of a compass.
>>NOORY: I'm going to Las
Vegas in a couple of weeks
and I was thinking about the
first hotel in Vegas that
started it all.
And it was the Flamingo.
>>CHARLES: Are you serious?
>>NOORY: Yeah, I'm dead serious.
>>CHARLES: See, I'm
having a moment.
And this type of experience that
we're having is pretty typical.
When I do these power
animal readings,
I just have to give thanks
again to the power animal
guides and realms because
they have worked with me so
strongly, clearly,
lovingly, and steadfastly
for far more than a decade.
And I know, I trust that even
in a live setting like this,
they always show
up for me and they
bring in such magical moments.
>>NOORY: Even in strange ways.
>>CHARLES: Yeah, wow.
>>NOORY: What would you say
your mission is, Alyson?
>>CHARLES: Oh, I want
to tune in to that.
It's multifaceted.
My mission is to fully
live my soul's calling
to the absolute
best of my ability,
and when I say that, integrity
and embodiment are paramount,
but I also really,
really embrace
and hold in reverence
the human Alyson as well.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>CHARLES: And I think that
that is so important because we
need to live in
devotion to facing
all aspects of ourselves.
And I know I've done a
really great job at that.
I know that I'm a
human and I know
that there are flaws and
flubs, but what I also
know about myself is
that I live in very
clear conscious awareness.
And I'm willing to catch
myself and I'm also
willing to correct myself.
And that allows an
energetic feeling
of progress more
than perfection.
I have a lot of life
left in me to live.
Like I said, I want
to start a family,
and there's so many
other things that I
want to experience in life.
At the same time, I know
that if I were to transition
into the other realms
in this moment,
I have really lived
the heck out of life.
I have lived such
a full rich life.
And I just hope that I can be
a living testament of ushering
people over into a phrase that
I like to teach a lot about,
and that phrase is in relation.
And that opens you
up to the web of all
that is and allows you to
not feel embarrassed or feel
like you need to suppress those
shadow aspects of yourself.
But rather invite them
right in front and start
to have a dialogue
with them and start
to get into true,
healthy, full integration
with the totality of yourself.
And that opens you up to
trust within yourself,
which opens you up into getting
into the allness of this Earth
walk.
And I can't think of
a greater objective
than to feel like
you lived as fully as
possible and in the
greatest degree of integrity
and healthy embodiment
as possible,
I can't think of
anything better.
So that's what I
try my best to do.
>>NOORY: I'm getting these
spirit guide feelings
that your first child is
going to be a little boy.
>>CHARLES: Aww.
>>NOORY: If I'm
right, let me know.
>>CHARLES: I will send
you a message, for sure.
Thank you so much
for tuning into that.
>>NOORY: That's what I feel.
That's what they're saying.
You think of flamingos.
I think of kids.
>>CHARLES: We'll take it.
That's a good, good exchange.
>>NOORY: Give me one of
those shamanic chants
as we wrap things up.
>>CHARLES: It's words.
It's typically normally sounds.
But it's-- it's words of
(SINGING) allness, unity,
humanity, sacred practices.
Wholeness, unity,
humanity, sacred ways.
Allness, unity, humanity we are.
>>NOORY: Feels
good for the heart.
Why is that?
I mean, do you feel energetic
when I listen to that?
>>CHARLES: Because it
holds divine truths.
Especially in this
path of shamanism,
there are a lot
of misconceptions
and a lot of confusions
around what it is.
And at the foundational
truth of it,
we all, all living beings,
both in this Earth realm
and the unseen realms,
we all have a birthright
to learn how to connect
and communicate with honor
this planet we inhabit.
And connect and communicate
with honor the unseen realms.
We all have this birthright
and these are all
of humanity's sacred practices.
And that song that
came through held that,
and of course, there are
really important nuances
that are important to
speak to because shamanism
is a global practice
and it migrated
its way to every continent.
As it made its migration,
there are of course
different lineage
ways in shamanism,
and any time that you
feel the call to learn
specific rites, and
prayers, and songs
that adhere, or sometimes
people take a sacred oath
and adhere to that
shamanic lineage
and that oath carries them
their whole way through.
And we have to honor that.
But I think that some
of these misconceptions
make people scared to open
up to these shamanic ways.
And so I just want
to express that it's
all of our birthrights
and it's very simple.
The ultimate
foundation of shamanism
is Earth and spirit,
rock and star.
And yet if you get
pulled or called
into learning a specific
lineage way and you learn that,
it boils down to two simple
things, communication
and honor.
If there was a prayer or a
song that really spoke to you,
ask that elder or
teacher if you have
permission to carry that
prayer or song forward.
And always acknowledge where
you learned it with honor.
And the last important
thing that I want to say
is there was a
massive shift that
started to happen about
10 or 15 years ago.
That's where I was ushered in
to going around New York City
and helping people in
the concrete jungle
remember who they are.
And there are different
lineages from around the world,
whether it's the Mamos
who were told to come down
from the caves in
the Sierra Nevadas
or the Naba lineage
from the Dogons
in the West African tradition.
They were told,
just as I was told,
to start to share more with the
Western cultures and mainstream
societies.
They too were given
similar or same messages.
And I have to say that out of
all the shamanic colleagues
and friends that I have from
all over the world, we all share
and hold the same
sentiment, that these are
humanity's sacred practices.
And they're meant for us
all, but of course, they
need to be worked
with and shared
with honor, and with
proper due diligence,
and with respect and reverence.
But that song I think
why you felt it,
it's because it holds the real
truths, the real divine truths.
And I want people to feel safe
to explore shamanic ways again.
>>NOORY: How do people
get ahold of you, Alyson?
>>CHARLES: The best way
"Ceremony Circle" podcast.
They probably would get to know
me the best there because it's
longer format media.
You can also find me on
Instagram at iamalysoncharles.
Or my website, which
is alysoncharles.com.
>>NOORY: Thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>CHARLES: Thank
you so much, George.
It was a lot of fun.
>>NOORY: Shamans
are wonderful people
and it's really great to meet
one up front and personal.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]